Sun Han-gyul?
EPISODE 8
Who… are you?
Who am I?
Well… I…
Well, I…
I'm just…
Don't tell your uncle, okay?
What? I can't…
Didn't she say watching me work out
was more fun than watching drama shows?
Gosh, this foolish woman.
What should I do
to make her come to her senses?
This is crazy.
What the hell?
Everywhere I go, people are…
What?
Wait...
My goodness!
Geez, what's all this?
Darn sand.
So, Ms. Bom and Mr. Sun, you two are…
Right?
Generous and merciful Mr. Jeong,
if you could turn a blind eye
to what you just saw,
we'll be indebted to you until we die…
No, even after we die.
No.
Stay out of it.
Let me handle it.
What? What are you going to do?
What are you doing?
You scared me there.
I wish you a long life
and peace for your family.
Always.
We both practice martial arts.
If you turn a blind eye,
whatever you want, Mr. Jeong,
I'll do it for you. Please?
-Whatever?
-Yes, whatever you want.
Well, since you're asking so desperately,
it'd be terrible of me
not to do you a favor.
-First, Ms. Bom.
-Yes, Mr. Jeong.
You're close with the lawyer,
Se-jin's brother, aren't you?
I want you to get information
on his paralegal.
The paralegal?
-Is that really all you want?
-Yes.
And, you.
Yes, sir.
Gosh, this is heavy.
Oh, give it to me.
Come here.
-Come with me.
-Okay.
You've got strong trap muscles.
Don't tell your uncle, okay?
-Uncle, I…
-But still,
how could he ask me to do that?
This is crazy.
Geez.
Hello.
Ms. Bom.
Did you see me on the weekend?
See you? When? What do you mean?
Why do I feel like I saw you?
I think I saw you with someone
at an amusement park.
Goodness!
It was me.
What do you mean?
Some middle-aged woman ran off
to have fun, leaving her purse behind.
Then I ran into Ms. Bom.
So we went around together.
Is that a problem?
Then are you saying Ms. Bom went
to the amusement park by herself?
People go out to eat
or drink alone these days,
so why not go to an amusement park?
I couldn't agree more.
Look, stop suspecting her
for no good reason
and just check your purse.
Ms. Bom.
These are the questions.
Get back to me as soon as possible.
By the way,
what did you ask Mr. Sun to do?
You didn't ask him
to kill someone for you, did you?
SPORTS CENTER
I shouldn't have signed up for six months.
I'm not sure if they'll give me a refund.
Mr. Jeong?
Han-gyul's uncle...
got knocked down?
Have you ever lost in your life?
That's like asking
if I've ever died before.
That's never happened
and will never happen…
On Monday,
the mighty Sun Jae-gyu
will lose to me, Jeong Jin-hyeok.
My eyes must be getting old.
I must be seeing things.
The man on the ground
truly isn't Mr. Jeong,
but Han-gyul's uncle?
Oh, you're here, Ms. Seo.
All my hard work paid off.
Anyway, why is he still
lying on the ground?
Maybe he's hurt somewhere?
Mr. Sun, it's done. You can get up now.
I'll stay like this for a while.
You can go.
You're no match for me. I ought to…
Gosh, I'm so impressed.
You've improved so much.
Seeing that you're back
after a long break,
I guess you'll start training again.
Well, that's not it.
I'm so busy these days,
so I came to get a refund…
Go and get changed.
Today, I'll be nice and teach you
my secret skills to beat Sun Jae-gyu.
You mean I can beat him like that too?
See that?
He still can't even get up. Can't you see?
Go get changed quickly.
Okay, I will.
Goodness, that's so impressive.
I wonder what he's doing right now.
Here.
If one day, out of the blue,
you ever find yourself really missing me,
open it then.
I think I miss him a little.
How much do I have to miss him
to open this?
No. It hasn't been that long.
This isn't right.
What could be in the box?
Perfume?
A handwritten letter?
Or… maybe a ring?
-I'm sorry!
-Goodness!
Bom-sik, are you okay? Are you okay?
I'm sorry.
It's that woman.
My purse.
Oh, right.
It must be a Holly bag.
You know it?
Well, I only carry big ones
from that brand,
so I didn't know
they made such small ones.
But what you're carrying right now…
I mean, I have them at home. Big ones.
Right, at home. I see.
I really have them at home.
I bought them at the department store.
-No discount.
-Anyway, what is that smell?
Oh, my God!
Goodness. Why are you barking at me?
Bom-sik, you shouldn't bark.
Bark at her!
Good.
No, stop barking.
Oh, no. He doesn't usually bark
at just anyone.
Maybe he knows you're not welcome here.
What did you just say?
If you're offended, I'm glad…
I'm sorry.
But when it comes to insurance,
you can recommend it to those who need it,
but it's not right
to push it on people repeatedly...
Is that what Jae-gyu said?
Did he say I came to sell insurance?
"Jae-gyu"?
That's impressive.
He can lie to women now.
Then you're not here because of insurance?
As for the relationship
between him and me,
you should hear about it
from Jae-gyu himself.
Well, then.
What… Wait.
What then?
She's not an insurance agent?
Hey…
"A gift for a crush"?
Is there someone you're into?
-No.
-Where are you going?
-Come here.
-Oh, my goodness.
Han-gyul.
When you confess your feelings,
-a gift is not what matters.
-That's right.
When I was in middle school,
I stole my mom's credit card
and bought a Korean beef bouquet.
Then I cleared off the table
during lunch and told her,
"We're going out if you take this."
Everyone in the cafeteria went wild,
like they were at a concert.
So how did it go? Did it work?
She transferred.
She was so embarrassed
that she cried her eyes out
for four whole days.
After that, she was never seen
in Shinsu again.
-You little--
-It's true anyway.
Quiet.
Finals begin tomorrow.
You should compete with exam results.
Sir.
It's Dae-han's turn
to be the bottom in the finals this time.
What? If we count the mock exam,
it's your turn now.
Quiet.
Everyone is only curious
about who comes last in this school.
But then again, the top student
has never changed.
Come on, sir. You only dote on Han-gyul.
Quiet.
I got it.
Got what?
The gift.
The gift that will make her happy.
I think I finally got it.
INHERITANCE PROPERTY DIVISION AGREEMENT
After I warned her so much
not to come here…
What was that?
That sounds like Bom-sik.
Bom… No. Ms. Bom.
Today's not the day I see Bom-sik.
Why are you here?
You should keep your promise.
If you already miss me so much,
how are you going to wait for two years?
My goodness.
She's not an insurance agent.
I just ran into her.
Tell me the truth.
If you lie to me again,
forget the two years. We're through.
CO-INHERITOR: SUN HEE-YEON
Sun Hee-yeon!
Stop it, Dad!
Are you out of your mind?
We don't even know who the father is.
How dare you bring the kid home?
You're right!
I'm crazy for coming here again.
I knew you'd beat me like this.
Still, he's your grandchild,
so I thought you should see him.
You left home because you hate me,
and now you say he's my grandchild?
I'm going to kill you today, you brat.
Hee-yeon.
-Jae-gyu!
-Go!
Take the kid and go!
Jae-gyu. Are you okay?
Are you out of your mind?
How could you bring the kid here?
How can I be in my right mind?
Every time he comes back from fishing,
he drinks and smashes everything.
Jae-gyu, do you still believe
Mom died in a car accident?
I don't.
I believe she was trying
to get away from him--
That's enough!
You left after he kept beating you.
You should've known better.
How will you raise the kid by yourself?
Do you have money to feed him?
Speaking of which,
if I'm going to raise him,
I should go to Seoul and earn money.
Sun Han-gyul.
That's his name.
You saw it too, right?
He's a horrible man,
but he won't touch the baby.
While you take care of Han-gyul,
I'll go earn enough money
for you, me, and Han-gyul
to live comfortably, no matter what.
After that, the three of us
will live far away from him.
Somewhere he'll never find us again.
I'll come back for you.
I'll come for you two.
Since she disappeared like that,
I haven't heard from her once.
I'm sorry I lied to you,
but I haven't even told Han-gyul yet,
so I couldn't tell you.
Does that mean
Han-gyul doesn't know
that his mother is alive?
That woman... is dead to me.
Han-gyul thinks
his parents died in a fire,
so don't say anything to him about it.
I understand how you feel.
But I still think you should tell him
his mom is alive--
She doesn't deserve to be his mom.
She may not,
but a child still misses their mom.
They hate their mom but still miss her.
Do you know
how it feels like to live like that?
If I were Han-gyul,
I'd want to know where I came from
and who my parents are.
I'd want to know that all my life.
He has the right
to know who his parents are.
Bom-sik.
Hey.
You must be tired.
Is it already our day with Bom-sik?
Yes.
-Right, here.
-Okay.
Then take good care of Bom-sik
until the day I take him back.
And what I told you as Han-gyul's teacher…
I hope you think about it.
Bye, then.
Let's go. Come here.
-Let's go in.
-Okay.
Bom-sik, come here.
A child who went missing 31 years ago
came back to their family recently.
In 1995, they went missing
during an outing in Seoul,
and their fate remained unclear for years.
However, advances in DNA analysis
have now confirmed their identity.
Han-gyul, is everything okay?
Yes.
If you need anything, tell me.
You know,
if you wanted, I'd be willing to give you
my liver or gallbladder.
Even a kidney.
You draw the line at a kidney?
For me, if you needed it,
I'd even be willing to give you my heart.
You're my mom and my dad,
the only family I got.
So what if I can't breathe?
What if my blood can't circulate?
Why'd you say that all of a sudden?
Is something wrong?
Of course not.
You have your finals tomorrow.
Go to bed early.
Typhoon Wangsse, which hit Okinawa,
is moving north-northwest at a rapid pace.
From tomorrow night,
the eastern and southeastern coasts
are expected to receive up to 400 mm
of heavy rain, along with strong winds.
Residents in these areas are urged
to take extra precautions.
MATH
That woman... is dead to me.
Han-gyul, are you finished already?
It's only been ten minutes.
Yes.
That's Sun Han-gyul for you.
No wonder he's the top student.
Quiet.
Today I took the math, ethics
and bioscience exams.
English, literature
and world history are tomorrow.
And Dong-pyo wants to discuss
his grandma's 70th birthday with you.
INHERITANCE PROPERTY DIVISION AGREEMENT
CO-INHERITOR: SUN HEE-YEON
SUN JAE-GYU
Think about it rationally, Jae-gyu.
Dad…
What did Dad ever do for us?
The only thing he left us
is that piece of land that won't sell.
If a resort is built there…
I hoped you'd say
you came to see Han-gyul.
I carried the crying kid on my back,
and waited for you to come back every day.
"Han-gyul, your mom…
will come back for us no matter what."
"Let's wait one more day."
"Let's wait two more days."
I'll vanish like you want.
I won't come to see you…
or run into Han-gyul ever again.
If you sign here--
Hey, Dong-pyo.
What?
All right. I'll come pick you up now,
so don't worry. Look after your grandma.
Okay.
What is it? What's wrong?
The power went out in the neighborhood.
EMERGENCY ALERT
Right.
I guess our house is okay
thanks to the solar panels.
Dong-pyo's grandma needs electricity,
so I'll go get her.
You tell other neighbors to come here
if they need electricity too. Okay?
Wait. Then…
Can Se-jin and her brother come too?
Why would you bring I-jun here?
Se-jin needs to study for tomorrow too.
She must be so frustrated right now.
But it's pouring.
I can't tell her to come alone.
As you wish. I'll be back.
Did you pee?
-Give it back now!
-I won't.
Ms. Seo. Let me tell you
about the way of a true educator.
It was back when I was 26 years old.
When I started out as a teacher...
They all took the offer and came.
Stop running!
Hey!
Bottom of the ninth. Two outs,
two strikes, two balls.
It's a crucial moment.
The tension is building.
Here comes the pitch!
The batter makes contact!
-It's big.
-It's going over.
-It's going over!
-It's going.
-Home run!
A home run in the bottom
of the ninth. Unbelievable!
Hey! Who ran off
after clogging the toilet?
Min-guk took a big dump.
I needed to make space in my stomach.
What are you, a pooping machine?
I can't believe this.
It was their birthday party and…
Out! It's out!
They're going into extra innings.
Uncle!
My goodness.
Why on earth is everyone here?
-Here.
-Okay.
Hey! Keep it down, brats!
Stop that and stay quiet.
Everyone, quiet!
Order is most crucial
when you're in a group.
It seems like you all need
to stay the night here,
so from now on,
you will have to do as I say.
Do you understand?
-Yes, Master!
-Yes!
First, Ms. Seo and Mr. Jeong.
Please find some ingredients
in the fridge and cook.
Well, all right.
Mr. Wi.
If there are more coming,
pick them up with Phillip.
-Yes, sir.
-Han-gyul.
You assign the rooms
and prepare their beds.
-Dong-pyo.
-Yes.
Clean and organize shoes.
Uncle, what about us?
Right. You two…
Do nothing. That's more helpful.
If you're done with assigning tasks,
-we'll get back to the game.
-Mr. Hong.
You need to take on
the most important task.
Well, since I'm the head teacher
at school,
I'll supervise.
Unclog the toilet, please.
The toilet?
It's clogged.
The toilet usually
has to deal with just two people,
but now there are ten people.
It must've been hard on it.
Okay? Okay.
All right. If you don't like the task
I've assigned you,
you can leave here now.
For your information,
in this neighborhood,
the only place you can watch TV
during a blackout and a typhoon
is this house.
Now, to your positions!
To positions!
Let's get moving!
Uncle.
I can't reach Ms. Bom.
Ms. Bom?
She hasn't been answering my calls.
Ms. Bom was with Se-jin's brother.
I talked to her an hour ago.
Were you with Ms. Bom?
Did you hear? Well,
she wanted to thank me
for the special lecture,
so she came to my office.
Forget that. Where is she right now?
While we were talking, she got a call
from Mr. Jeong and left in a hurry.
Why do you ask?
She's not here?
I heard that the lower areas got flooded.
Han-gyul, take good care of them.
Ms. Bom!
Goodness. What a brat.
Following around some singer.
I don't believe you.
Were you worried about me, Seong-tae?
Ms. Bom?
Han-gyul's uncle went to find her.
Don't worry.
How's Seoul? Is it raining a lot?
All right. So, does he have any kids?
Kids?
He's never been married. What kids?
No, he's divorced.
He said he went to family court
to file for divorce in 2017.
I doubt that.
Mr. Choi came down here with Mr. Oh
because all of their colleagues
were married except for him.
What?
I heard you.
I'll call you before I go to sleep.
Bye, Seong-tae.
He's so sweet.
Goodness.
-Can we talk for a bit?
-Why?
Let's talk.
-What is it?
-Just follow me.
Come on.
What's with him?
What? What is it?
That Seong-tae guy or whatever,
how much do you know about him?
He has his own apartment
in Suro-dong, Seoul.
And in 2017…
Why do I have to tell you this?
Did he ask you for money?
What on earth are you getting at?
Romance scams.
What?
They're con men that act interested
and pretend to love you
just to get money out of you.
Are you saying
Seong-tae approached me for money?
I guess I look quite rich.
Thanks for thinking of me that way.
Look. Don't be shocked.
Okay? Listen to me carefully.
That guy's...
never been married.
-Never married?
-Yes.
Like you?
He says he's divorced!
Why on earth would a bachelor
pretend to be a divorcee?
Enough. Stop talking nonsense
and go eat your dinner.
If you can't believe it,
go ask him yourself.
It's what Se-jin's brother said!
Gosh, it's impossible to talk to her.
She never listens.
God, how could you do this?
I mean, on top of heavy rain, a blackout?
It definitely went this way.
Where on earth is it?
Ms. Bom!
-Ms. Bom!
-What?
I'm even hearing things now.
Please be here. Please. Darn it.
There.
SHINSU BATHHOUSE
I found it!
Darn it.
I came to watch baseball.
Why am I doing this?
And Dong-pyo's grandma
took the remote control.
Anyway, I'm quite impressed
by Han-gyul's uncle.
The power went out,
and he brought all of us to his house,
fed us and is letting us sleep here.
It's not an easy thing to do.
Quiet.
Mr. Toilet, is it not done yet?
I really need to go.
-Use the other one!
-Okay.
Sir, the toilet
in the master bedroom just died too.
Please unclog that one too.
Stop pooping already! You're killing me!
Please don't yell. Hold on.
I ought to…
Hey, what are the others doing?
I'm coming at you. I'm coming.
Bring it on.
Now, jump! And one, two, three!
Evil Han-gyul.
He should be studying for tomorrow.
He's playing games?
Finishing moves. One, two, three.
-Take this!
-What are you doing?
I crushed you!
The top student in Shinsu High
has been beaten by Oh Dong-pyo!
Pick another game. I'll go do the laundry.
Which game should I crush you at?
Oh, my.
No. I can explain…
What are you doing here?
What do you think?
I was snooping.
-Snooping?
-Yes.
I'm more honest than I may look,
so I'll be straight with you.
I came here to find out something.
How you solved
all the questions in ten minutes
and how you always top the exams.
Why are you looking for that answer here?
Then where should I?
Follow me.
This is the on-off switch.
Adjust the brightness with this.
And for online lectures, use this.
I'll make sure
no one comes in here from now on,
so study as much as you want.
I changed the pillow cover and comforter.
If I sleep here, what about you?
We have an expensive couch.
I've read this one.
And this one too.
These are the notes he lent me.
Darn it.
There's nothing special here.
So this is Han-gyul's room.
Ms. Bom, can you hear me?
Mr. Choi?
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
What happened?
The sign was swaying because of the wind.
I think you got frightened and fainted.
You left the office long ago.
What have you been doing all this time?
I had to do something.
Thank you.
Let's talk inside. Can you walk?
Come in.
This is the only place
we can use electricity right now.
ACTRESS JEONG NAN-HEE
You should go take a shower first
so you don't catch a cold.
-I'm going to take this call.
-Okay.
Hello?
You're home.
Well, Mr. Choi said
this is the only place with electricity.
What were you doing outside
in this weather?
Well, I was looking for something.
Where's your common sense?
Who goes out to do that in this rain?
Look.
Don't you think
I must've had my reasons to do that?
You may have, but you're being a nuisance.
"Are you hurt? Are you okay?" Shouldn't
you ask something like that first?
Those kinds of questions...
are for people with common sense
I came to wash up with lights on,
but I should just shower at my place.
Since I only use expensive shower gels
from department stores.
Common sense? A nuisance?
When was I a nuisance to him?
Why did you follow me out?
Shower gels from supermarkets
or department stores are all the same.
Why is it so important
that you're going
to your place with no electricity?
You clearly don't know
what I was implying.
Do you really think
it's because of shower gel?
I'm soaking wet, and you went on
about common sense out of the blue.
Since you've only lived
in an apartment in Seoul,
you might find rain romantic,
watching it from high up in your room.
But it's different here.
Here, when a typhoon comes,
it's common sense
to abandon your house or boat to survive.
What's more important than your life
that you went out in a typhoon?
Happy now?
You know, I care about my life so much.
Look. I have such a nice body.
How can I not cherish my life?
But that's…
your first gift for me.
So,
you couldn't go home in this weather
because of this stupid thing?
It could be something expensive.
Like jewels or gold.
If it's something like that,
it would've been such a waste.
And if…
If it's…
an engagement ring,
I would've ended up
turning away your sincere feelings.
I should've kept it at home.
Why did I have to carry it
in my bag and lose it?
Ms. Bom. I could buy it for you
a thousand times over,
so don't ever put yourself in danger
for something like that.
What if the sign really hit you?
How did you know?
What?
How did you know
I almost got hit by a sign?
Ms. Bom!
What about Ms. Bom? Is she okay?
I think she fainted from shock.
What about you?
I'm fine.
So hurry up and take her home.
Don't worry, and go get it treated now!
I treated it and got changed quickly
so you wouldn't find out.
But still,
I think I was too harsh earlier.
The thought that the sign nearly hit you
made me mad. I felt a surge of anger.
Are you crying, Mr. Sun?
Am I?
It's not rain?
No, you're crying.
Ms. Bom. Let me tell you about me.
I don't think I've ever cried
except when I was born.
Look. They're tears.
What?
What's wrong with me?
Now that you know I'm okay, stop crying.
Stop.
I can't stop.
What?
I've never cried before,
so I don't know how to stop.
Then try reciting
the multiplication table.
The multiplication table?
I read somewhere that you cry
when your right brain is active.
So if you use your left brain,
it might make the right one inactive.
The multiplication table?
One times two is two.
Two times two is four.
Two times three is six.
Two times four is eight.
It's not working.
Then how about this?
I'm not ticklish.
Nothing logical or physical works.
What should I do?
Then how about
something romantic, like this?
I think it's working.
That's a relief.
Let's go, then.
Well…
I think
to make it stop completely, you know…
Since the power's back on,
I should go home…
Just... stay the night here.
I can't let you be alone.
I'll be too worried.
Han-gyul likes gaengsigi porridge,
so I bought some bean sprouts.
Let's eat together in the morning.
By the way, Han-gyul still…
doesn't know, does he?
Ms. Bom.
I'm…
more scared…
of Han-gyul finding out
his mom abandoned him...
than him finding out that I lied to him.
That scares me more.
Why did you come out?
Do you want some water too?
No. I felt a bit cold.
The comforters here are all we got.
Wait here. I'm sure
there's a heating mat in my uncle's room.
COURT OF KOREA
"Inheritance Property Division Agreement"?
"Sun Hee-yeon"?
Why is the seal
of a dead person stamped here?
Sun Han-gyul?
Who… are you?
Who am I?
Well… I…
Hey. Evil Han-gyul.
I haven't forgiven her yet.
But you said he has the right
to know who his parents are.
What you said...
has been stuck in my head.
I'll think more about
what will be better for Han-gyul.
Uncle.
Yes.
"Sun Hee-yeon."
It's my mom's name,
who you said died in a fire.
Is she alive?
Uncle! Han-gyul went to Seoul.
I'm glad you came, Han-gyul.
Because your uncle
wouldn't let me see you.
Can I call you Mom?
Because I was heartbroken.
You haven't been there for Han-gyul
until now, so make it up to him.
Today, let's be confident
and have as much fun as we want.
Let's do that.
Translated by Wayne Ryu